
# My favorite use in CTFs
```bash
mkdir enum
export IP=10.10.192.227
ports=$(nmap -p- --min-rate=1000 -T4 $IP | grep ^[0-9] | cut -d '/' -f 1 | tr '\n' ',' | sed s/,$//)
nmap -sC -sV -p$ports $IP -oA enum/full
```

# Scan for alive host in range
```
$ nmap -sn $ip/24
$ nmap -vvv -sn $ip/24
```
Faster:
```
$ nmap -sn -n $ip/24 > ip-range.txt
```
Specify range:
```
$ nmap -sP 10.0.0.0-100
```
## Sort out all ip that up

```
$ cat ip-range.txt | grep -B 1 "Host is up"
```
Filter only ip addr:
```
grep -o '[0-9]\{1,3\}\.[0-9]\{1,3\}\.[0-9]\{1,3\}\.[0-9]\{1,3\}' ip-range.txt > only-ip.txt
```
# Scan specify machine
## Scan common port
```
$ nmap -A -oA filename $ip/24
```
- `-A` : OS detect, scan 1024 most common ports, default nmap scripts
- `-oA`: Output to `.nmap`, `.gnmap` and `.xml`
- faster


## [AutoRecon](https://github.com/Tib3rius/AutoRecon)
AutoRecon is a multi-threaded network reconnaissance tool which performs automated enumeration of services. It is intended as a time-saving tool for use in CTFs and other penetration testing environments (e.g. OSCP). It may also be useful in real-world engagements.

The tool works by firstly performing port scans / service detection scans. From those initial results, the tool will launch further enumeration scans of those services using a number of different tools. For example, if HTTP is found, feroxbuster will be launched (as well as many others).

Everything in the tool is highly configurable. The default configuration performs **no automated exploitation** to keep the tool in line with OSCP exam rules. If you wish to add automatic exploit tools to the configuration, you do so at your own risk. The author will not be held responsible for negative actions that result from the mis-use of this tool.

**Disclaimer: While AutoRecon endeavors to perform as much identification and enumeration of services as possible, there is no guarantee that every service will be identified, or that every service will be fully enumerated. Users of AutoRecon (especially students) should perform their own manual enumeration alongside AutoRecon. Do not rely on this tool alone for exams, CTFs, or other engagements.**

```
autorecon 10.10.10.3
autorecon -t targets.txt
```

Note that if you want to run AutoRecon using sudo (required for faster SYN scanning and UDP scanning), you have to use _one_ of the following examples:
```
sudo env "PATH=$PATH" autorecon [OPTIONS]
sudo $(which autorecon) [OPTIONS]
```
---
## Initial TCP scan
```
nmap -sC -sV -O -oA nmap/initial 10.10.10.3
```
---
## Full TCP scan
Comprehensive nmap scans in the background to make sure we cover all bases.
```
nmap -sC -sV -O -p- -oA nmap/full 10.10.10.3
```
---
## Full UDP scan
```
nmap -sU -O -p- -oA nmap/udp 10.10.10.3
```
---
## Normal scan
```
nmap -A $ip
```
---
